Quick start metrics (#445)
Kuadrant/multicluster-gateway-controller: docs/how-to/metrics-walkthrough.md

>[To have completed the main getting started guide](https://github.com/Kuadrant/multicluster-gateway-controller/blob/main/docs/how-to/ocm-control-plane-walkthrough.md)

## Setting Up Metrics

To establish metrics, simply execute the following script in your terminal:

```bash
    curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kuadrant/multicluster-gateway-controller/main/hack/quickstart-metrics.sh | bash
```

This script will initiate the setup process for your metrics configuration.
After the script finishes running, you should see something like:

```
Connect to Thanos Query UI
    URL: https://thanos-query.172.31.0.2.nip.io

Connect to Grafana UI
    URL: https://grafana.172.31.0.2.nip.io
```

You can visit the Grafana dashboard by accessing the provided URL for Grafana UI.

## Viewing Operational Status in Grafana Dashboard

If you are continuing from the previous step, you can monitor the operational status of your system by utilizing the Grafana dashboard.

### Accessing the Grafana Dashboard
To view the operational metrics and status, proceed with the following steps:

Access the Grafana dashboard by clicking or entering the provided URL for the Grafana UI in your web browser.

> The Grafana dashboard will provide you with real-time insights and visualizations of your gateway's performance and metrics.

Reviewer: It can be overwhelming making sense of the Grafana UI for newcomers.
Even more so when there's a lot of dashboards available.
A few extra words here to explain which dashboards are specific to MGT (there are 2),
and what they show at a high level would be useful.
Send the user in a specfic direction that avoids that confusion and focuses on the value being added by MGC.

Author: Revised the dashboard and incorporated a provision for users to access sequential walkthroughs, given the current absence of metric-specific ones

After setting up metrics, you can monitor the operational status of your system using the Grafana dashboard.

To generate traffic to the application, use `curl` as follows:

```bash
while true; do curl -k https://$MGC_SUB_DOMAIN && sleep 5; done
```

### Accessing the Grafana Dashboard
To view the operational metrics and status, proceed with the following steps:

1. Access the Grafana dashboard by clicking or entering the provided URL for the Grafana UI in your web browser.

```
https://grafana.172.31.0.2.nip.io
```
>Note: The default login credentials for Grafana are admin/admin. You may need to accept the non-CA signed certificate to proceed.

2. Navigate to the included Grafana Dashboard

Using the left sidebar in the Grafana UI, navigate to `Dashboards > Browse` and select either the `Istio Workload Dashboard` or `MGC SRE Dashboard`.

<img src="images/metrics-federation-grafana-dashboard-3.png" width="600"/>

In `Istio Workload Dashboard` you should be able to see the following layout, which will include data from the `curl` command you ran in the previous section.

<img src="images/metrics-federation-grafana-dashboard-2.png" width="600"/>

> The `MGC SRE Dashboard` displays real-time insights and visualizations of your gateway’s performance and metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MGC SRE Dashboard` displays real-time insights and visualizations of resources managed by the multicluster-gateway-controller e.g. DNSPolicy, TLSPolicy, DNSRecord etc..
```
